feat(changelog): iam-changed-new-console-page-for-quotas 2024-06-24 (#3373)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2024/2024-06-24-iam-changed-new-console-page-for-quotas.mdx

---

> title: New Console page for Quotas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: New console page for Quotas
```

status: changed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #community channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-06-24
category: security-identity
product: iam
---

> Quotas experience on Console has been upgraded with a brand new section. You can now track your current quotas usage by locality, get a better understanding of each quotum, and easily ask for an upgrade with a Support Ticket whenever you are reaching the limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quotas experience on console has been upgraded with a brand new section. You can now track your current quotas usage by locality, get a better understanding of each quotum, and easily ask for an upgrade with a Support Ticket whenever you are reaching the limits.
```

> Quotas experience on console has been upgraded with a brand new section. You can now track your current quotas usage by locality, get a better understanding of each quotum, and easily ask for an upgrade with a Support Ticket whenever you are reaching the limits.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The quota experience on the console has been upgraded with a brand-new section. You can now track your current quota usage by locality, get more information about each of them, and easily ask for an upgrade with a support ticket whenever you need.
```
